Map (Geovizualisation) in the Log Explorer (#6044)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/analytics.md

[2]: /logs/explorer/?tab=measures#setup
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Map" %}}

> Visualize the top values according to a chosen [measure][2] on a map. The [facet][1] according to which you group by has to be a facet whose value are Country Isocodes (2 characters). Datadog's [GeoIP Processor][3] naturally generates such kind values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualize the top values according to a chosen [measure][2] on a map. To group by a [facet][1] use a facet whose value is a two-character country ISO code, for example `US` or `FR`. Datadog's [GeoIP Processor][3] automatically generates these values.
```
